-------- Hip-hop//Rap// R'n'b--------
Kweku Collins- "Stupid Rose"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl6OW07A5q4

Bus Drivers - World To Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNQq_SbVLXY

Milo - FOlk Metaphysics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNQq_SbVLXY

Jaden Smith - Fallen 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fof9lHaApXc

Matt Martians - Dent Says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDDLGfghuMA

Syd - ALl About Me 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNIOrsxsa0A

Kingdom - Nothin (feat. Syd)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY6_p_dLWXs

Abra - Pull Up 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvVJx7dcoqo

Kweku Collins - Ghost 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bmN6v_Q8gI

A.Chal - GAZI 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKEXpDSGKU

Tess - Endlessly ft. A.CHAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92EL5k6l1tw

Asap Rocky - LoveSick (Four tet Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IX8ekK5Jt4o

J Cole - High For hours 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sai1FnNyOrI

J Cole - Caged Bird 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjstZDSKI9o


Cozz - Knock The Hustle 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7d42LJfkqQ

Mos Def- I'm Leaving 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMTZa82UVqE

Mos Def- Travelling man 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0exdCRkBniI

BlackStar - Respiration 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeTnog5RRQo

Common - Black America Again(Feat Stevie Wonder)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faf1TiJP208

Phife - Dear Dilla 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iZonnn1nIs

Clear Soul Forces - Get Not Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWKLuwR_bFw

Oddissee - Own Appeal 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2Snh2NZHhk

Isaiah Rashad - 4r Da Squaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nppKPgdc_u0

School Boy Q - Hands on The Weel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGd9DTTrX4U

Bj The Chicago Kid - Good N Luv 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhurWuExlHQ

Aaliyah - One In A Million Medley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5QPahD5SlQ

Dj Khlaed  - Nas Album Done 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hntj6D7PDSs

Russ - Do It Myself 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYbOkRye4gs

Big Sean - Bounce Back 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phr1pOFK1V8

2 Chainz - Good Drank ft. Gucci Mane, Quavo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXs1fWCgOW4

Charlotte Cardin - Like it doesn't hurt 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOzetKrKrrA

Rag'n'Bone Man - Human 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3wKzyIN1yk

Common - Ther Light 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjHX7jf-znA

Common - U Used to Love Her 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C99iG4HoO1c

A Tribe Called Quest - Electric Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHRnvjCkTsw

Vic Mensa - I feel That 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbcyfRztHmw

FlatBush Zombies - lit 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02DHmHhYFoA

Clockwork Indigo - XYNO 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_WFZYtmDsY

Ab-Soul - Turn Me Up (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WfZ7AQOA8c

Jay Rock - Vice City feat. Black Hippy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jug2HZ3dkoc

Jay Electronica - Exhibit C (Prod. Just Blaze)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lrVO3pPDP4

---Indie//Feelgood //Rock----
Wolf Parade - You Are A Runner and I Am My Father's Son
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Y45HYmX5mw

Wolf Parade - Shine a Light 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kh8-r6O43Rw

The pains of being pure at heart - Heart in your heartbreak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRZ9FRsnYyQ

Grizzly Bear - Two Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPXDJQkuWeA

Mike Snow - Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ok0glLJsr4

The War On Drugs - An Ocean In Between The Waves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23GdGEzZPvE

Tango Charlie - Fire to Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQdsxxzLb_I

Lodon O connor - Nobody Hangs Out Anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bwcDDbjuEQ

gemineyes - drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW5TFzBpccM

Sales - Chinesse New Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gykWYPrArbY

VARSITY - So Sad, So Sad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpWvlnMqLXc

Patrick Watson - Man Like You (Live in montreal)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXSYEbRUwTY

Cocorosie - Fairy Paradise 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBrR-fidmVE

Santeria - Sublime 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTCyZvb2Uzw

Bedouin Sounclash - Mountain Top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRprjNGf7iE

Tokyo  Police Club - Favourite Food 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCqyVGcLVmI

Los Campesinos - You! Me! Dancing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nj6SO_yKMe8

The Maccabees - First Love 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULcUEemlXnQ

Francis and the light - Thank You 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4OYGoSAe4I

Bloc Party - modern Love 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oRlpGyI1rg

Durruti Column - Never Known 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2GFGsFdURU

Durruti Column - Sketch for Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bLlzGLH7wM

Cloud Nothings - Stay Useless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_zRt_EmqoU

Waves - Demon to lean on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG8HCFQa3OQ

WAVVES - Nine Is God 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EQzx-OzQmU

Arctic Monkeys - Mardy Bum 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp1fQ51YZMM



----Chill//Dans le lit///faire le sexe----

Sampha - Happens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxVdTQyEPQo

Jai Paul -Jasmine 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWQMg56ZVZY

Gill Scoot Heron - We Almost Lost Detroit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpNUqNe0U5g

Gil Scott-Heron - The Bottle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkSFBcjOKHY

Marvin Gaye - Inner City Blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57Ykv1D0qEE

The Weeknd - Appointment 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-euPyv0v0eg

The Weeknd - Valerie 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3asvFSESRVw

The Weeknd - montreal 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV1r4m8c9SI

The Weeknd - XO The Host 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FFSCF0gXt0

Bahs - Rain Smell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOJ0uU0Fmhk


Flying Lotus - FallIn love 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KEpb4UaAr8

Questlove - "Goodbye Isaac"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXQzAApb4WM

Fat Jon - How You feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYb_BsQRkrQ

The XX - On Hold 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_oA9UmRd4I

four tet - she just likes to fight 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyi7F1yrVTc

Burial -Moth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCzJQRVbWtE

RadioHead -Present Tense 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hgVihWjK2c

RadioHead- Day Dreaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTAU7lLDZYU

Bonobo - Terrapin 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0U_yqcNqR8

Olafur Arnalds - Doria 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFp6xnJbs0w

Stephan Moccio - ow 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qDoRedKBoU

Philip Wesley - Dark night of the soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSymJl1czYs



House and banger  
Joy Orbison - tentative Binding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1PeN06XDvU

Joy Orbison - J doe 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5TNZxkCwe4

MF Doom - Devil's Shoestring (Cody Currie's Re-jazz)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbEewA25qGg

Hidden Spheres - Beachy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxy67BV97UE

Project Pablo - Untitled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUf2UaA5RkA

Jam City - Unahppy 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiFbb6Waj_A

Omar S - Thank you for letting me be myself 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wPJPintfrM

Omar s - day 1 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUJ7qErI7ME

Harvey Sutherland - Priestess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kB6KJtLA64

Moodyman - why do you feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAKvf10iDjw

Moodymann - I'd Rather Be Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxpUPVgDKxY

Moodyman - Ya bLessin me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODDUKNLUSic


Smerz - because 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZiEMnPcmQQ

Smerz - Bl;essed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jXOOBklBAw

jessy Lanza - Oh No
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaNZbUENKjk

Bobby Analog - When Will Our Day Come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ncMixNQhxg


Matthieu Faubourg - Please, Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdVlfpPAqyk

Blacl Motion - Indabakani 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ay6HrboHqrA


Andres - new for you 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqmlXTN3GPQ

Pepe Bradock -Deep Burnt 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opvopULDhVI

Fresh and Low - Nerw life 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXTPMw3jRBk

Herbet - I only know 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMdfmOkK25c


Herbet - See you on monday 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdPcflGJDoM

Ross From Friends - Talk To Me You'll Understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tKKNV5sXUs


